Update documentation from JS comments (#1381)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-c: sdk/docs/iot/pseudo_code_examples.md

> # Azure Embedded C SDK IoT Client Pseudo Code Examples

Reviewer: The example looks like valid C code (with C specific syntax elements, even if it doesn't compile) rather than language-agnostic pseudo code.

Maybe rename this to something like truncated/abbreviated/condensed//etc.
```suggestion
# Azure Embedded C SDK IoT Client Abridged Code Examples
```

Author: @jspaith or @danewalton any thoughts on this?

Reviewer 2: I don't really have strong opinions, though for what its worth when I write something i call pseudo code it comes out as (very bad) C# so this indeed might be more a coding pattern.

## Introduction

This page introduces you to coding examples that are MQTT stack agnostic. These examples will give you a general overview of the API calls and structure needed to use the Azure IoT Embedded C SDK features.

> For atomic API call examples, please view the [introductory examples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/blob/master/sdk/docs/iot/README.md#examples) on the Azure IoT Client README file.

Author: single operations.  https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/clang_documentation.html

> For atomic API call examples, please view the [introductory examples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/blob/master/sdk/docs/iot/README.md#examples) on the Azure IoT Client README file.

Reviewer: Atomic is an overloaded term and it doesn't apply to `API` or `API calls`. Even in the guidelines, it is sort of being referred as a short-hand for `single operations`.

Consider rewording it (you can substitute examples for snippets if you prefer):
```suggestion
For short code snippets, please view the [introductory examples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/blob/master/sdk/docs/iot/README.md#examples) on the Azure IoT Client README file.
```
OR
```suggestion
For code snippets showcasing usage of particular APIs, please view the [introductory examples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/blob/master/sdk/docs/iot/README.md#examples) on the Azure IoT Client README file.
```

> For atomic API call examples, please view the [introductory examples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/blob/master/sdk/docs/iot/README.md#examples) on the Azure IoT Client README file.

Author: Makes sense.
